MERL-1712: custom toolbar example (#1725)
wpengine/faustjs: examples/next/custom-toolbar/README.md

# Welcome to the Faust Custom Toolbar Example.

## Setup

> See the [Getting Started](https://faustjs.org/tutorial/get-started-with-faust) to setup your base Faust project. In the tutorial you will see in the Quick Start section's first step that it says `To create a Faust project, run`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Getting Started](https://faustjs.org/tutorial/get-started-with-faust) to set up your base Faust project. In the tutorial you will see in the Quick Start section's first step that it says `To create a Faust project, run`:
```

```
npx create-next-app \
    -e https://github.com/wpengine/faustjs/tree/main \
    --example-path examples/next/faustwp-getting-started \
    --use-npm
```

You are going to modify the example used in the command. To use the Custom Toolbar example you must change `examples/next/faustwp-getting-started` to `examples/next/custom-toolbar`. It should look like this:

```
npx create-next-app \
    -e https://github.com/wpengine/faustjs/tree/main \
    --example-path examples/next/custom-toolbar \
    --use-npm
```

After this one change you can continue the rest of the guide per the instructions.

## Viewing the Toolbar

> To view the toolbar, make sure you have completed the Getting Started steps and then click `Login`. After you are logged in and authenticated you will see the toolbar at the top of the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the toolbar, make sure you have completed the Getting Started steps and then click `Log In`. After you are logged in and authenticated you will see the toolbar at the top of the template.
```
